Now for this course section
I prepared another example project,
which actually is the same example project as before,
but which already comes with a workflow,
one YML file in the dot GitHub slash workflows folder
where I have a very simple demo workflow defined.
However, the event is missing
because that's exactly what we'll evaluate and dive in
in this course section.
But this is the demo project we'll use
throughout this section, and I will also create
a remote Repository for this demo project
because of course we need that GitHub Repository
in order to then really have and trigger
those GitHub Actions workflows.
So therefore what I'll do is I'll initialize
a new Git Repository here and create an initial commit,
even though my workflow is not finished yet,
but we'll finish that later.
But I will create this initial commit here.
And with that created on GitHub
I'll add a new Repository, which I'll name GH events.
The name of course is up to you.
And you can turn this into a private or a public Repository.
Here I'll go with a public Repository
because I need this Repository to be public
to show you something a little bit later.
So I'll stick to a public Repository and create this.
And with that created, we grab that URL
and connect our local Git Repository
by using Git remote add giving this an identifier of origin,
which is a typical identifier used.
Adding that URL and my username
so that my push requests will be authenticated automatically
with that personal access token that's stored on my system.
And now if I run Git push, this fails initially
so I'll run this command to kind of connect
my local main branch to the remote main branch
and push this initial commit to this Repository.
So here it is.
And that's now the starting state of this project.
Now let's dive into this workflow here
and let's dive into the events we can assign.